"captions": "Welcome to lesson 2! Now we get to one of the most important concepts in probability, which is the concept of a random variable. And it's not something that new. You've seen variables before. For example, in algebra you may have learned the variable X equals 3. It always has the same value. Random variables are different. They can take many values. For example, the temperature is a random variable that can take many values. Another random variable is the number of heads I obtain if I toss a coin 10 times. That is another random variable. So in this video, I'm going to show you all of our random variables. So let's go back to the coin flipping experiment. When you flip a coin, let's say you can obtain heads or tails. And let's say that you can obtain them both with probability of 1 half, like before. Now let's change this around a little bit. Let's take a variable X and call it the number of heads. So what happens now? When you flip a coin, how many heads can we obtain? Well, if we obtain heads, then we obtain 1 heads. And if we obtain tails, then we obtain 0 heads. If we look at X, then X can be 1 if we obtain heads once, and X can be 0 if we obtain heads 0 times. And the probability of X equals 1 is the same probability of obtaining heads, which is 0.5. And the probability of X equals 0 is the same probability of obtaining tails, which is 0.5. X is called a random variable and it's one of the most important concepts in probability and statistics. You can think of X as a variable that not always has the same value. Half of the times it takes a value of 1 and half of the time it takes the value of 0, roughly. Now let's look at another random variable. Let's look at the number of heads we obtain in 10 coin tosses. So let's say we flip it 10 times and all of them are heads, so X equals 10. Or we flip them and one of them is tails, so we obtain X equals 9. And we can obtain X equals 9 in many different ways. And let's say we stick to probability of heads equals 0.5. So what are the probabilities of these events? Well, since all of them are independent, all of them have probability 1 half, then this is 1 half to the 10th. What about the second one? Well, it's also 1 half to the 10th, but we can write it as 1 half to the 9th for all the heads and 1 half for the remaining tail. And the same thing for the next one. However, a harder problem is to actually ask what's the probability that we obtain 0 heads in total, P of X equals 0, or P of X equals 1, or all the values until P of X equals 10. Because on the left, we have a particular scenario, a particular way to obtain the heads and tails. But on the right, we're grouping them all. As you can see, the first one is the same. P of X equals 0 is the same as obtaining all the heads, which is 0.5 to the 10. But the others are a little harder. So when I want to calculate things, the first thing I do is run an experiment. So let's run an experiment. So let's say we run this experiment many times and we obtain X equals 5, X equals 6, X equals 5 again, and we run it many, many times. And what are the possible outcomes? Well, the possible outcomes are 0 all the way to 10, because you can obtain 0 heads, 1 heads, all the way to 10. And if we stick to probability of heads equals 0.5, and let's say we're going to repeat this 500 times, and let's see what we obtain. The histogram we obtain is this one over here. Notice this is just a histogram. It's not the actual probabilities, but it gives us a good estimate of the probabilities, because we ran it a bunch of times. Notice that the probability of X equals 0 or X equals 10 are the smallest ones, because it's not likely that we're gonna obtain 10 heads or 10 tails. The highest one is over here, P of X equals 5, because it's likely we're gonna get roughly half-half. And we can see all the other ones. For example, here's P of X equals 8. That's when you obtain 8 heads and 2 tails. So this is a random variable. Why do we care about random variables? Because they allow us to model the entire experiment at once. And most problems in probability can be expressed as random variables. So for example, if you flip a bunch of coins, as we saw, and X is the number of heads, that's a random variable. You can roll a bunch of dice and define X as the number of times you obtain a 1. Or you can see a bunch of patients and say that X is the number of sick patients. Or you can just define random variables. Let's say I define one that is 1 with probability 1 half, but it's also minus 7 with probability 0.2, and it's also 3.14159 with a probability of 0.3. I can come up with any random variable I want that takes any values, as long as the probability is add to 1, I'm good. Now, here are other random variables. For example, if you are waiting for the bus, the wait time until the next bus arrives is a random variable. It could take many different numbers. The height of a gymnast's rump is also a random variable that has some range of values. The number of defective products in a shipment is also a random variable. And let's say the number of millimeters of rain in November is also a random variable. You may be noticing that they behave in different ways, and that's because there's two big types of random variables. There's discrete and continuous random variables. Discrete ones are the ones we've been seeing so far. The number of 1's or 6's if I roll the dice, the number of heads if I flip coins, the number of kids in a specific group with a particular height or a particular age. And the continuous ones could be, for example, the amount of time till the next bus arrives, the height of a gymnast's rump, the number of millimeters of rain in a particular month. Why are they different? I encourage you to take a look and tell me why you think they're different. And one thing that happens is that the one on the left can take a finite number of values. I can flip a coin 10 times and I could obtain 0 all the way to 10 heads. On the other hand, the ones on the right can take an infinite number of values because the time can be 1 minute, but it can also be 1.01 minute or 1.001, 2, 3 minutes. There's an infinite number of values they can take. But actually this is not true. The discrete ones can also take an infinite number of values. I'll give you an example. If I start flipping a coin until I obtain heads, I could do it one time or two times or three times or four. I could do it 500 or a million and perhaps not obtain heads. The probability is very small, but I have an infinite range of values. So what really happens is that the discrete ones can only take a countable number of values, whereas the continuous one take values on an entire interval. So the values that a discrete random variable can take can be put in a list 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, etc. Whereas the values that a continuous random variable take cannot be put in a list because it's an entire interval. Now you may be thinking what's the difference between these random variables and the ones that you see in algebra and calculus? And the difference is that the ones you see in algebra and calculus are deterministic and the ones we see here are random. What is deterministic? For example x equals 2 or for example the input of the function f of x equals x squared. They always take the same value. Once it's defined it's like that forever. However the random variable is not like that. It can take for example many values that are associated with an uncertain outcome. So deterministic variables are associated with a fixed outcome and random variables with an uncertain outcome. And that's the main difference.",
                