"captions": "So now let me tell you about one of the most popular distributions out there. It's called the Normal Distribution, also named Gaussian Distribution, after famous mathematician Carl Gauss. The Normal Distribution appears everywhere. In statistics, in science, in real life, and obviously in machine learning, it appears all over the place. Let me show you. So now let me show you one of the most used distributions in ML, the Gaussian or Normal Distribution. But let me give you a little bit of intuition first. Remember in the previous videos, you learned about the binomial distribution, which counted, for example, the number of heads in n coin tosses. And the probability mass function looked like this, for example, for 2 throws. Now, let's see what happens as n, the number of throws, gets larger and larger and larger. Let's plot it for all numbers, all the way to n equals 100. And you can notice that it looks like a bell curve, so a continuous bell shape fits pretty well. And that bell curve, that orange curve, is what we called the Normal or Gaussian Distribution, named after the very famous Carl Frederick Gauss. So this means that when n is very large, the binomial distribution can be approximated by a Gaussian Distribution pretty well. Now let me tell you more about this Gaussian Distribution. So let's say that the data looks like this, like a bell curve. We're going to try to fit it with some curve. And the curve e to the negative x squared over 2 seems to work pretty well, because it seems to look like this, like a bell curve. However, we need to adjust it a little bit. Let's look at where the blue data is centered. It's centered at 2, we're going to call it mu, for the mean. And we're going to learn this mean more in detail in the next week. But for now, let's just think of it as the center of the data. The orange curve has this point 0 as the center, because it's symmetric over the x-axis. So we need to move it to the right. And how do we move it to the right? Well, by subtracting 2. So that moves it to the right, and now they're equally centered. However, the orange one is a little too skinny for the blue one. It needs to be widened a bit. There's something called a standard deviation that we're going to learn next week. But that tells us how thick the curve is. And the orange one has standard deviation of 1, and the blue one of, let's say, 3. So what we need to do is to thicken the orange curve. And the way we thicken this curve is by dividing the exponent by 3. That gives it the right thickness. Now, another problem we have is that the orange curve is a different height than the blue one. It's actually too high. And more specifically, the area is not the same. The area under the blue curve is 1, because it's a probability distribution. And the area under the orange curve is much higher. So what is it? Well, for this number, it's actually 3 times square root of 2 pi. So we need to divide by this number in order to get the right curve. And notice that now it fits in really, really well. So that's the formula for the Gaussian or normal distribution. So it has some parameters, as you saw. The mean, so that's the center, the average of the data, is mu. The standard deviation, which we're going to learn next week, but as I told you, it's a measure of the wideness of the curve. It's a number called sigma. And if you want the mean to be mu and the standard deviation to be sigma, those are the two parameters, then the equation of the Gaussian or the normal distribution is exactly this one over here. And mu is the place where the data is centered, and sigma is a measure of the wideness, as I said before. Now, let me give you a small recap, because this is a very important distribution. So mu is the center, and sigma is the spread. And the curve is obviously symmetrical, and the range is all the real numbers. So it actually is one example of a distribution which its probability density function is always positive, although it's very, very, very small for big and for negative big numbers. And the formula is this one over here. This part over here is simply a scaling constant. And here are some different normal distributions for different means and different sigmas. So if you have a random variable X with this probability density function, you can write it like this. X is distributed as N of mu sigma squared. N stands for normal, and mu stands for the mean or the center of the bell. Notice that in this notation, the standard way to describe the distribution is using sigma squared rather than sigma, which is the square of the spread. As you will learn in the next lesson, this is called the variance. Don't worry too much about this change, as both sigma and sigma squared can be exactly the same information. Because sigma has to be positive, then there is a one-to-one relation between the two parameters. There is one particular set of parameters of great importance, and they are mu equals 0 and sigma equals 1. When a distribution has these parameters, it's called the standard normal distribution. Notice that the resulting bell-shaped curve is centered at mu equals 0, and it's symmetric with respect to this axis. Now let's take a look at the density function fx. When we plug in the value for mu equals 0 and sigma equals 1, the simplified formula makes calculations much easier. There is a really easy way to convert any normal distribution to the standard one, and it's by doing some small operations. So let's say that x has a normal distribution with parameters mu equals 2 and sigma equals 2.5. So the first thing we do is instead of x, consider x minus 2, and that moves it all the way to the center. And now let's divide by the standard deviation by sigma, so x minus 2 divided by 2.5 actually puts it off the right height and the right width, and it makes it the standard normal with parameters 0, 1. We're normally going to want parameters 0, 1. 0 is the mean, and 1 is the standard deviation. And so we're not going to look at x, we're going to look at z equals x minus mu divided by sigma. Standardization is crucial in statistics because it helps us compare variables of different magnitudes. So if one variable, for example, moves in some range of values and another variable moves in a completely different range of values, then we can compare them by standardizing both of them. Now let's see what the CDF looks like. It looks like this. As usual, it starts at 0 on the very left, which is now the point at infinity, and ends at 1 on the very right, which is the point at plus infinity. But here's a catch. This area is actually really hard to compute. It can't be computed analytically. So what do we do to compute these areas? Well, in the old days, there were big tables of data that people used to look at. Now you can use the help of some software to do the approximate area under the curve for you. And what are some things that can be modeled using the normal distribution? Well, that's the great thing about it. So many things in nature are modeled by the normal distribution. Height is modeled by the normal distribution. Weight, IQ, things like noise in a communication channel. And in general, variables can be modeled as a sum of many independent processes always following normal distributions. We're going to see that in more detail later. Also, many machine learning models assume variables follow a normal distribution. So beware of that when choosing appropriate models.",
        