"captions": "So, let's start with one of the simplest distributions out there, the binomial distribution. I like to imagine it with coin tosses. Let's say I toss a coin 10 times. How many heads can I obtain? Well, it could be 0, 1, 2, 3, all the way up to 10. Each one comes with its own corresponding probability. So, we draw the histogram of probabilities, and that's the binomial distribution. The binomial distribution is an example of a discrete distribution, which are the simplest ones that we'll see first. Later in the course, we'll learn the continuous ones too. But let's get to the binomial distribution now. So, what is the probability to obtain 2 heads when you flip 5 coins? For each flip, there's a 1 half chance to get heads or tails. And if you multiply these together, you get 1 over 32, which is the probability of this specific outcome. But there are more ways to obtain 2 heads out of 5. For example, this one here. And this one has exactly the same probability to be obtained as the one on top. And it turns out that there are actually 10 possibilities to get 2 heads out of 5. If you look at the ways you can order 2 heads and 3 tails, you'll see that there are actually 10 ways to do that. Each of these sequences of heads and tails has the same probability. 1 over 32. Now, is there some general way to find the number of possible combinations? This is just ordering a sequence on 2 heads and 3 tails. So, 5 factorial is the number of ways you can order 5 coins. But this is overkill because these 5 coins have repeated numbers. So, you need to account for that. Divide 5 factorial by 2 factorial to remove all the cases where you have simply swapped the 2 heads. And now, also divide it by 3 factorial to remove all the cases where you have simply swapped the 3 tails. This is called the binomial coefficient. And it counts the number of ways you can order 2 heads and 3 tails. In general, the coefficient n choose k counts all the combinations in which you can have k heads and n coin tosses. One fun property is that n choose k is the same as n choose n minus k. And the reason for this is because obtaining k heads is the same thing as obtaining n minus k tails. And this is why the PMF of a fair coin has a symmetrical shape. Now, can you find a general way to write the PMF for the number of heads in 5 coin tosses? Well, for more generality, suppose that the probability of heads is p. Consider the event capital X equals lowercase x, where capital X is a random variable. And lowercase x is the number of heads in 5 tosses, which can be 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5. What is the probability of this event? Well, you will need to have x heads, so that has probability p to the x. This is the probability of one particular order. And the remaining 5 minus x tails with probability 1 minus p to the 5 minus x. However, this is just the probability for one particular order. And so you need to take into account all the possible orders, which is 5 choose x. You're missing just one thing. This expression is, of course, valid for x equals 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Since you can have more than 5 heads in 5 coin flips. This is the PMF for x, and we say that x follows a binomial distribution. We denote it as binomial of 5 and p, where 5 is the number of flips and p is the probability of heads. And in general, this tilde symbol means that the variable x follows a distribution to the right of the expression. If p is 0.5 and n equals 5, then you get the following PMF. Remember that here you're flipping 5 coins and the probability of heads is 1 half. And the graph is here. Notice that since p is 1 half, then the PMF is symmetrical. In the case where we have a different p, so we have a biased coin, for example, p equals 0.3, then you have greater chances of seeing a small number of heads, and this is reflected in the PMF. Now in the example, you were tossing 5 coins, but if you were tossing the coin any number of times, then the model should be the same. You're simply changing a parameter. In the case that we toss n coins, then we have a PMF like this, where the probability mass function is n choose x, p to the x, 1 minus p to the n minus x. And we call that binomial of n and p, where n and p are the parameters of the binomial distribution. n is the number of tosses, and p is the probability of obtaining heads. Now try to answer this question. What is the probability of throwing a dice 5 times and getting 3 ones? The order doesn't matter. Well, when you throw a dice, you can get a 1 or not a 1, which is not that different from a coin. In a coin, you can get heads or tails, and you can think of the die as a biased coin, where you get heads if you throw a 1, and tails if you throw anything else. So it's a biased coin. Now, for a dice, the probability of each value is 1 6th. So now this coin will have a probability of heads of 1 6th and tails of 5 6th, because that's all the remaining values. And you can draw a similar histogram as before for a different p, but the same n. This time you have n equals 5 and p equals 1 6th. So in other words, we can look at a dice as a biased coin for this experiment. Now let's look at another case. Let's throw the dice 10 times, and just like before, record the number of ones. This is again a binomial probability distribution. Can you tell me what are the parameters of this distribution? Well, the above problem can be represented in the binomial distribution where n equals 10, and 10 represents the number of dice throws, and p represents the probability of obtaining a 1, and that is 1 6th. Therefore, the parameters are 10 and 0.1666.",
        