"captions": "Now this works more generally when you need to pick k out of n numbers. You start by picking the first one, where instead of 5 options, we have n options. Then you need to pick the second, where we have 1 less option, and it's 1 less because you've already picked 1 number. So for each of the n numbers chosen in the first step, you can pick n-1 in the second step. Same thing for the third step, where you can only pick out of n-2 numbers, and so on. Until the kth step, where you can only pick from k-1 numbers less than n. This gives you unordered sets of length k, just like in the previous case. So how many sets are actually there? Well, it's a product of all the number of choices you had to make. So that's n times n-1 times n-2, and all the way to n-k-1. And the reason is that all these can be taken as independent events. But as you saw previously, many of the combinations actually repeat. But how many of them repeat? Let's figure this out for a simple case. Let's say that the size of the set, which we named k, is 4. And these are some of the possible ways to arrange the numbers in the set. How many ways are there to order this set? Well, the problem is actually very similar to the one we did before, except that we don't have to go that far. So let's start by picking the first number, and then we pick the second one, and then we pick the third, and then we pick the fourth. For the first number, we have 4 options. For the second one, 3 options, because we've already picked the first. For the third one, we have 2 options, and for the fourth one, we have 1 option. So in total, we have 4 times 3 times 2 times 1 equals 4 factorial options. For 5 numbers, we would have the same thing, but times 5. That's a 5 factorial. In general, the solution is k factorial. If you haven't seen that number, k factorial is very, very, very important in probability and combinatorics. And it's simply just a rolling product from k all the way down to 1. And k factorial is simply the number of ways of ordering k numbers, or k different objects. So now let's go back to where we were. We had that the number of ways of picking k numbers in an ordered fashion was n times n minus 1 all the way to times n minus k minus 1. But that picked every set many times. How many of them? Well, k factorial times, because k factorial is the number of ways to order that set of numbers that we pick. So since we want them unordered, then we have to divide by k factorial. And thus, we obtain something that can be written as n factorial over n minus k factorial. If you look carefully, that's the blue part, because n factorial is a product of n all the way to 1. And if I divide by the product of n minus k all the way to 1, that's n minus k factorial. Then I obtain the product that I have in the numerator, n all the way to n minus k minus 1. And the denominator still has a k factorial here. So that is the expression for n choose k, for the binomial coefficient n choose k, the number of ways to obtain k elements out of a set of n in an unordered way. Now, going back to our graphics, we can rewrite all these numbers. In the case of zero heads, we have 5 choose 0, which is 5 factorial divided by 5 factorial times 0 factorial. Now, 0 factorial is 1. Why is 5 choose 0 1? Because it's the number of ways of picking zero things out of zero. And there's only one way to do that, which is not picking any. Therefore, in general, anything choose 0 is always 1. Now let's see how this changes if the coin is unfair or biased. Let's recall the case of throwing 5 coins. You remember we're counting the possible outcomes when we get 0 heads, 1 head, and all the way to 5 heads, and then divided by 32, which was the total amount of possible outcomes. Well, this was possible because all the outcomes were equally likely. But as you remember, the probability of all these outcomes was 1 over 32. However, if the coin is biased, and let's say it's padded, so it lands on heads with a probability of 30% and on tails with a probability of 70%, then all these outcomes have a different probability. The first one has 0.3 to the 5, which is 0.00243, whereas the second one has a higher probability because it's 0.3 squared for the two heads and 0.7 cubed for the three tails. And these are all the probabilities, 0.3 to the 5, 0.3 to the 4 times 0.7, 0.3 to the 3 times 0.7 squared, all the way to 0.7 to the 5. And so let's write them in general. So if we obtain heads k times, then the probability is 0.3 to the k times 0.7 to the n minus k. So here we have 0.3 to the 5 times 0.7 to the 0. And here we have all the other ones, 0.3 to the 4 times 0.7 to the 1, all the way to 0.3 to the 0 times 0.7 to the 5. So this is the general expression for the probability of each one of these scenarios. However, we need to account for all the possible orderings of heads and tails, not just heads at the beginning, tails at the end. And that's where n choose k comes in. So now we can take a look at how this thing looks in practice. You have your biased coin, which lands on heads with a probability of 0.3, and you flip it n times, which is 5. And you can again plot the histogram for the probabilities for each k, just like before, except that now you can calculate these probabilities using a formula that you have learned in the previous slide. And that's the binomial distribution.",
        