"captions": "Now that you know about discrete distributions, let me tell you about continuous ones. And there's a difference between the two. In the discrete distributions, your events always form a list. For example, if I toss a coin 3 times, I could get head 0 times, 1 time, 2 times, or 3 times. I could also think of the number of people in a town. It can be 0, 1, 2, 3, a million, etc. But I can always make a list of it. What is something that cannot be listed? An interval. For example, if my random variable is the amount of time that I wait on the phone, or the amount of time I wait for the bus, that cannot be listed. Because I could wait 1 minute, but I could also wait 1.01 minutes, or 1.2237, or pi minutes. All these numbers cannot be listed. So, when your events are a list, you have a discrete distribution. And when your events are an interval, you have a continuous distribution. Let me elaborate more on that. So, imagine you're on a call with tech support, and you're trying to find the probability that you will not wait too long. Let's say the call can take 1 minute, 2 minutes, or 3 minutes, for example. And we can try to plot the probabilities, say, like this. Where the heights of the bars are the probabilities that the call takes 1, 2, or 3 minutes. But they can also take something like 1.01 minutes to respond, right? Or 2.43. And you can quickly see that there's infinitely many values that call could take. And these values are everywhere between the ones you already have, and also to the left and to the right. And if you remember from the last video, the sums of heights of all of them have to be equal to 1. But you can quickly see that by adding more and more and more of them, they have to get smaller and smaller, and eventually become 0. So, what did we do wrong here? Well, we did nothing wrong. The answer is that the distribution is fundamentally different. It's not discrete, but it is continuous. So, this approach will not really work. To try to understand this, think of how you would answer the following question. What is the probability that a call would take exactly 1 minute to the dot? And I encourage you to think about this. The answer is 0. Because there are simply too many values for the amount of time a call can take. There's actually uncountably many of them. It's a whole interval. And we're forced to say that the probability that a call takes exactly 1 minute .000000 forever is 0. So, we need to describe this problem in a slightly different way. So, instead of asking what is the probability of the call taking a fixed amount of time, let's think of it in terms of windows. So, we're thinking of what's the probability that the call lasts some time between a certain window, say between 0 and 1. And for that, we can have a probability, and we can put it as the height of this blue bar over here. Then we can think of what's the probability that the call lasts between 1 and 2 minutes, and that's this other height. Or between 2 and 3 minutes, or 3 and 4 minutes, and 4 and 5 minutes. And let's assume that the call never takes more than 5 minutes. And now we have a discrete probability distribution where the blue area, so the sum of the heights of these bars, add to 1. And notice that the majority of the calls take between 1 and 2 minutes, or between 2 and 3 minutes. Not a lot of them go all the way to 5 minutes, and that's what this probability distribution is telling us. Now imagine that we want a little more information, so we want to make these intervals a little more granular. So, we make them 30 seconds instead. And now we have this distribution over here, where we now know the probability that the call is between 0 and half a minute. Between half a minute and 1 minute, all the way to between 4 minutes and a half and 5 minutes. And if we want to make them still more granular, we can make them of a quarter of a minute, 15 seconds basically. And now we have all this information, between 0 and a quarter of a minute, between a quarter and a half minute, all the way to between 4.75 minutes and 5 minutes. And we can continue splitting these intervals and getting discrete distributions. And if we were to do this infinitely many times, then what we get is this. This is how a continuous distribution looks like. Imagine just a bunch of very, very, very skinny bars, infinitely many of them, that become just a curve. Now in the discrete distribution, we have the sum of heights have to be equal to 1. The sum of heights was the same as saying the blue area. So in the continuous distribution, we have the same condition, the area under the curve is equal to 1. And that is a continuous probability distribution."