"captions": "So when you learn discrete distributions, you learned that each event had a probability. For example, the probability that I throw a coin 10 times and 3 of them land in heads is a certain number. When we talk about continuous distributions, we cannot talk about those probabilities in the same way. For example, if I make a phone call, the probability that the phone call lasts exactly 2 minutes to the dot is 0. But I can still talk about intervals. I can talk about the probability that a phone call lasts between 2 minutes and 3 minutes, or between 2 minutes and 2 minutes 30. These probabilities are encoded in something called the probability density function. Let me show you how. So before we return to the plot from the previous video, let's take a look at another simple case. Let's say that the call center answers with equal probability at any time window between 0 and 5 minutes. So, as you can see here, if we divide this area in 5 different parts, then the probability that the length of the call lands in any of the 5 rectangles is exactly the same. So given this information, what is the probability that the call is between 2 and 3 minutes long? Well, if you said 0.2 or 20%, that is correct. It's also 1 fifth, because there are 5 equal parts, and this area adds to 1, because it's a probability distribution. So the area of that little rectangle is 1 fifth, and that's the probability that the phone call lasts between 2 and 3 minutes. Now, let me ask you another question. We're going to split it now in 10 small intervals of 30 seconds. What is the probability that the call lies between 2 and 2.5 minutes? Well, for the same reason, it's 0.1, because it's 1 tenth. This time the intervals are shorter, so the probability that it lies between that interval is smaller. So what you can notice here is that the height of the towers doesn't change at all, but their width was halved, and therefore the probabilities have also been halved. This is because now we're not looking just at heights, but at actual areas, and the base is no longer 1. So now we can't think of heights of towers. Instead, we need to think about areas. Now let's return to the previous example of the call center, where the calls are not equally likely to be of the same length. Now, the call is more likely between 1 and 2 minutes, or between 2 and 3, and not so likely to be between 4 and 5 minutes. So what's the probability that a call lasts between 1 and 2 minutes? Well, it's this area over here, and the probability that it lasts between 1 and 1 minute 30 is this area over here. Now, if I have the areas much, much more granular like this, what's the probability that it's between 2 and 3 minutes? Well, it's going to be the sum of all the shaded areas between 2 and 3 minutes. So we're getting to the continuous distribution. What is the probability that the call lasts between 1 and 2 minutes? Well, now it's going to be this area over here. If we were interested in the probability that the call is exactly 2 minutes, then we'd be talking about the area of this segment over here. That is a line segment, and it has no area. So that's why we say that that probability is 0. So now we can only think of probabilities between different windows of time, no longer one particular time. So to recap, as we divide the intervals into smaller and smaller, also the areas get smaller and smaller until they get to 0. So that's why we have to look into intervals and not just heights. So as I told you before, this function is called a probability density function, or PDF for short, and it's usually denoted as a lowercase f. It is the equivalent of the lowercase p in the discrete distribution. The equivalent of the mass function is now what's called probability density function. And for added clarity, you can add a subscript of the variable it's representing, that's the capital X. PDFs are a function defined only for continuous variables, and it represents the rate at which you accumulate probability around each point. You can use a PDF to calculate probabilities. How do you do that? Simply by getting the area under the PDF curve between points A and B. Now what does a function need to satisfy in order to be considered a PDF? Well first, it needs to be defined for all the numbers in the real line. That means that it can actually be 0 for many values, for example before 0 or after the cutoff at the right, but it doesn't need to. It could be positive for all the numbers and the area still being 1 if it gets really, really, really tiny at the tails. And it also needs to be positive or 0 for all values. This is reasonable because otherwise it would get placed in negative probabilities, and you know that probabilities cannot be negative. And finally, the area under the curve has to be 1. Again, this restriction comes from the probabilities. The area under the curve is simply the probability of all possible outcomes of the variable, and it always needs to add to 1. So here's a small summary. Let's take a look at discrete random variables and remember that they can only take a finite or at most a countable number of values, while continuous random variables are used to model experiments where the outcome can take any value in an interval. Because of this difference between discrete and continuous random variables, each kind will have their own way of describing the behavior and computing probabilities. To measure the probability of events, in the case of a discrete random variable, you have a probability mass function, which is defined as the probability that X takes on a particular value. For the continuous random variable, you have the probability density function, and remember that for this type of variable, the probability that the variable takes on a particular value is always 0. So you need to look at areas on this side."