"captions": "So now that you've learned the probability mass function for discrete distributions and the probability density function for continuous distributions, let me show you what the cumulative distribution function is. Let's look at the example of the phone call. In this example, you actually had to calculate areas underneath a curve in order to find the probability that a call is between, let's say, 2 and 3 minutes. This is not convenient. We don't want to be always calculating areas. The cumulative distribution function is one that shows the actual probability that the call is between 0 and a certain number of minutes. So it's much more convenient to calculate. There's also a cumulative distribution function for discrete distributions. So let me show you more about it. So let's have a look at another concept, and it's the cumulative probability. Cumulative probability tells you what is the probability that an event happened before some reference point. For example, let's return to the call center, and let's start thinking about the discrete simplification of the problem. So the one where we looked at the probabilities being between 0 and 1 minute, 1 and 2, all the way to between 4 and 5 minutes. And then, as usual, we'll slowly move to the continuous one. But for now, let's look at this one. Now, let's take a look on the right at what's called the cumulative probability. So the probability that the call is between 0 and 1 minute, and that's exactly the same as the one on the left. Because that first little rectangle is the probability that the call is between 0 and 1 minute. Now, let's look at the probability that the call is between 0 and 2 minutes. What do you think that is? Well, on the left, it's going to be the sum of these two areas. And the reason is because being between 0 and 1 minute is the same as being between 0 and 1, or 1 and 2. So we're adding those two areas, and on the right, we're going to get this. So remember, on the right, we're looking at the probability being between 0 and 1, then between 0 and 2, the next one is between 0 and 3. So between 0 and 3 is the sum of these three areas. So we plot them here. Then between 0 and 4, the sum of these areas. And then finally between 0 and 5, which is all the areas, and obviously we know that this is 1, because the probability that the call is between 0 and 5 minutes is 1. And now we can draw the cumulative probability for the discrete distribution to the left. And it's this red curve over here. Notice two things. It always starts at 0. For example, it is clear where 0 should be. There are no calls that take negative time. In general, the cumulative distribution is 0 up to the point where we expect no outcomes at all. And secondly, the value at the very right is 1, because we know that all the calls will be 5 minutes or less. So the probability that the call is between 0 and 5 minutes is 1. This cumulative distribution function always starts at 0 and ends at 1. So for continuous distributions, we have something very similar. You go over the PDF from the beginning until the end, and you simply add up the pieces to create the CDF curve. Except in the continuous case, you're not adding together the heights of the bars, but you're plotting the sum of the area under the curve. It's the same as the discrete case. The point at the very left is 0, because you haven't added any area. The point at the very right is 1, because that's where you've added all the area. Now, this is a particular case where the curve starts and ends at finite points. But the blue curve in the left, the density function, could go infinitely to the left or infinitely to the right. In which case, so does the other curve. And that means that it has a limit at 0 to the left and a limit of 1 to the right. And finally, at some point x, this area, this black area over here, it's going to be this height over here. So, for example, the probability that the call is less than or equal to 2 minutes, let's say it's 1 half. Then on the right, we have that the height at the point x, at the point 2, is 1 half, because that's the probability that the call is less than or equal to 2 minutes. So, in other words, these two curves give us the same information, except written different. On the left, we have to calculate areas to find probabilities. And on the right, we simply have to look at heights. So, so far you've got a pretty good intuition about the cumulative distribution function. So, let's look at some notation and some formalism. The CDF is a function that tells you how much probability a random variable accumulates up to a certain value. So, the CDF is actually the probability that a random variable x is smaller than or equal to some value x. This is defined for each and every value on the real line from minus infinity to plus infinity. This function is normally denoted with a capital F. Please be mindful not to use lowercase f, because that's the one reserved for the probability density functions of continuous distributions. So, exactly as with PDFs, we add a subscript with the random variable for extra clarity. In this case, it's capital X. If your variable was called capital Y, for example, then you would call the cumulative distribution function F sub capital Y. So, notice that if your variable is discrete, like the one on the left, then the CDF will have jumps. Why does this happen? Well, consider this point over here in the CDF where the function planks. This means that this particular point is not a possible outcome of the variable you're modeling, so it doesn't accumulate any probability. However, at the values that are a possible outcome, you see a jump in the CDF. The height of that jump is exactly the probability that the variable has taken on that particular value. For continuous variables, the CDF shape changes a lot and you get a continuous function. Why is this? Because each point doesn't have probability mass on its own, and once you don't have points with mass, then you don't see any jumps. So, the CDF curve is smooth. Now, what properties does the CDF need to satisfy? First, is by definition, it's a probability all values have to be between 0 and 1. Also, at the left point of the CDF needs to be 0. In some cases it's a fixed number, in some cases it's a minus infinity, but nonetheless, it has to be 0. The right endpoint, where all the probability has been accumulated, the CDF has to be 1. Finally, the CDF can never decrease. Since it's accumulating probabilities and probabilities can never be negative, then this is a must. So, to really summarize, on the left you have a PDF, which is written as a function f of x, let's say. And it's a function that's always positive and has a total area of 1 underneath the curve. And the CDF has a left endpoint of 0, a right endpoint of 1, and it's always positive and it's always increasing. So, sometimes you're going to be using the PDF and some other times you're going to be using the CDF, depending on which one's more convenient at the moment, but it's good to know both really well. To help you better understand the relationship between the probability mass or density functions and the cumulative distribution function, after this, you'll find another interactive tool. You'll be able to choose different PMFs or PDFs and simulate results from each type of sample. Afterwards, you'll be able to generate the CDF for the distribution you've chosen. Spend some time exploring the tool, and once you're done, move on to the next set of videos."