 "captions": "So now you're ready to learn the simplest continuous distribution of all, which is the uniform distribution. I like to imagine it as a bus. For example, let's say that a bus passes every 10 minutes, but I don't know the schedule, so I just walk outside and wait for the bus. What do you think happens with all the values of the times I wait for the bus? Sometimes I take 1 minute, sometimes 5, 9, 7, 4.5, 3.52, etc. And when you look at all these numbers, they're pretty homogeneous in the interval from 0 to 10 minutes. That's how a uniform distribution looks like. Let me elaborate. So imagine again the example of a support call center. Previously we've looked at some different histograms of probability of their answer at different times. Now let's name some of these examples and start with a uniform distribution. Imagine that the call center can answer in any time from 0 to 15 minutes with equal probability, and if they don't answer within 15 minutes, the call is disconnected. The last 200 times you called them, you made a note of how much time you had to wait. And notice that the points seem to be more or less equally distributed over the y-axis. That means that there is no particular wait time or window of wait times that seems to appear more times than the rest. In fact, this is what the histogram looks like. While it seems that one of the bars is slightly taller than the rest, let's not forget that this is based on measurements, so some deviation is expected. Call t the time in minutes that you have to wait, and any value between 0 and 15 should have roughly the same frequency of occurrence, which means that the PDF must be constant on the interval 0, 15, so no values favored over the others. The question is, which is the constant? Well, remember that the area over the curve of the density must be 1, so that times 15, which is the length of the interval, must be 1, and therefore the height is 1 over 15, or 0.06. And we can draw it over here. In general, a continuous variable is said to follow a continuous distribution if all possible values have the same frequency of occurrence. It has two parameters, which are associated to the interval where the variable can take values. A is the beginning of the interval, and B will be the end of it, and the probability density function will be then 1 over B minus A, which is 1 over the length of the interval, since the interval has length B minus A as it goes from A to B, and it's 0 otherwise, so it is that orange line that is always 0, except it's 1 over B minus A at the points between A and B. This animation shows what happens when we change the parameters, more specifically the starting and ending point. You can see that when the interval AB is bigger than the PDF is smaller, the height of the PDF is smaller, and it quickly increases as the interval gets short. Now let's see what the CDF looks like, and let's take a simple example. The uniform distribution between 0 and 1. But you can see that this applies to the uniform distribution between A and B just by changing the parameters a little bit. So first let's start by considering some x less than 0. In this case, the area under the PDF until that point, from the left until that point x, is 0. Therefore, for any value that is less than 0, the CDF is 0. Now take any x between 0 and 1. The probability of the variable being smaller than a particular x is this area over here. Since it's a rectangle, you need to multiply the length of the base, which is x, by the height, which is 1. So at that point, the CDF is x over 1, which is the same as x. And the same is valid for any x between 0 and 1, so the CDF is this line here with slope 1. And finally, if you take any x bigger than 1, you've already gathered all the areas under the PDF, so the probability stays as 1. So this is how the CDF looks. A straight line, followed by a diagonal, and then followed by a straight line. And the one on the left is at 0, and the one on the right is at 1. For the general uniform distribution between A and B, you can see that the CDF is the ratio between the length of the segment A x and the length between the extreme values A and B, or values of x between A and B. For x less than A, you have 0 cumulative probability. And again, for x bigger than B, you've already gathered all the probability, so therefore the CDF is 1 after that point.",
        